after two years of tasting that more
is of opinion about our selections did
offered a beer that fit the
end of the community from these
criteria
our community wants a beer
well hopped one of the last
tasting is noted by our members
were galibier so we are
closer to the highest brewery
craft of France to find the
good recipe
a little news or an American war
what is a good
American it's a dry beer at this
mark is at the level of yeast
we use neutral yeasts we use
two blondes either it's clear and
a lot of hops a war
American is something very
marked in iv him very marked at the level
aromatic high level in what
regards the color for this beer on
chose to work on a basis of
pils also used a little bit of
peeled and we also worked with
coffee malt we see the right color
orange so in terms of alcohol it's a
beer that will be if these lines in alcohol
and 45 who pay in bitterness whatever
something a little sweet potato but are too
so with a little foam in that
hops we chose to
work with three types of bolts
preponderant therefore to know that we have but
reason the warrior in laye topping the
site rah and andrei opine will quote with a
small mosaic addition
so with regard to the bitterness the
warrior is a bitterness pump have
something that has a pretty good return
exceptional site rah we chose to
add it in laye topping all
just because it's also a
aromatic combe and its hood according to
that they really use very well at
hot as cold and we also
used this same hops the site rah
andrei at ping or his side really very
increased mango
in addition to a mosaic that will
bring a little fruity intruder stain
which mixes tropical which means we
to do an hour the time it's
that it's a war that's going to be
available one week only after
to have been bottled is a beer
which is going to be really grassy coniferous
really focused on the good fees but this
same beer taste two three months
after will develop fruity tastes on
herbaceous side will fall and the money and goes
to develop to nest galibier one is
young one exists since 2010 on started
fifth year of existence
after we are passionate kills not makes
even the beer we love the factory and we
do not feel me touch it and we're going
search for the best materials
four corners of the globe if it is necessary but
without stopping we will success we will try to
find the right products that
We also matches that ended
uses the glacier sounds
booster she is untreated gone
beat of great purity and we are the
has been drinking since we are kids tap tpa
his fight is not too bad
it's happiness so we're going to bring down
our malta in the water first step
to extract the sugars we will do
cook it will gradually be next
once boiling added that
google for conservation behind
so this double is then cold tell to
send it to the fermentation tanks
in what we will add the yeast
because the brewer does the minent the
yeast makes war is there we expect it
So it's the hard work
emma was going on roughly four weeks
of Picardy fermentation before
could consider filtering and therefore
public conditioners to a water well
this well in the recipe was
developed aside from the community
will be present in the selections of the
month of May and to allow for
share this little moss with his friends
it will also be available in low
it's now up to our members to
decide in which cities will put
this blonde's drums well double
in the recipe was developed by 10000
subscribers